[Applause]
so today we're going to make a Norwegian
egg coffee an age-old process that I
think could be the fourth wave what you
do is you boil
ten cups of water take a quarter cup of
water take an egg crack the egg into the
water add a half a cup of our medium to
coarse grind
I would suggest coarse grains and coffee
into a mixture here mix it very well you
will end up with something that looks
like this and now it's time to pour the
coffee egg and quarter cup of water
maybe give it a little bit of a stir and
boil it for two to three minutes so
actually let me get a time on very
crucial
I got boiled I'm going to go get one cup
of cold water to finish this process
so little past two minutes and take it
off the heat add the cold water whatever
is in the egg settle the grounds - and
along with the egg to the bottom we're
supposed to be left with very clear
coffee at this point we pour coffee nice
and we have ready to serve lot of
Norwegian egg coffee looks like a nice
amber ale here slightly eggy nose hi
you can pour one for all your friends as
you have 10 cups of boiling Norwegian
egg coffee Cheers
Thanks sure anything
just like grandma used to make
[Applause]